c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\bin\Debug\BadSimCraft.exe.config
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\bin\Debug\BadSimCraft.exe
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\bin\Debug\BadSimCraft.pdb
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.g.resources
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.exe
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.pdb
c:\users\kautzman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\HealerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\HealerWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\GUI\HealerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\GUI\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.exe
C:\Users\Kautzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BadSimCraft - Copy\BadSimCraft\obj\Debug\BadSimCraft.pdb
